"My Inflated Revenge"
a Sonic the Hedgehog fanfic by StephenVassiliou

"Ohhh yesss! Bigger, rounder...BALLOONIER!" Amy cried, waking up suddenly from her dream.

"Wha!? Huh!?" called Amy's boyfriend, Sonic the Hedgehog, who was spending the night at Amy's house.

Amy turned to Sonic. "Oh, sorry if I woke you Sonic." she said. "I was having the 2nd most wonderful dream."

"So I heard." Sonic chuckled. "Sounds like you were in absolute bliss."

"The dream was amazing, to say the least." Amy told him.

"So, what would you consider your number 1 most wonderful dream?" Sonic asked.

Amy blushed a bit before answering. "My number one dream is being with you, forever."

Sonic chuckled upon hearing that. "Aaawww..." he replied, getting up and hugging Amy.

Amy smiled and hugged him back. "I hope the first one would be real." she said. "Its a shame the second one won't come true." Her smiled turned into a frown upon realizing that.

Sonic frowned a bit, but then, he remembered Tails was working on something. "Well...you never know, Amy." he told her, kissing her cheek.

Amy blushed a bit from the kiss. "You've should've been in my dream Sonic, for real. I was so big, so puffy, so...balloony. I was a big hedgehog balloon." she told him. "The only thing missing was you taking care of me." She then kissed Sonic on his cheek.

Sonic purred from the kiss he received. "I bet you'd make a pretty cute blimp." he said, snuggling Amy.

"Well...I wasn't that big." Amy replied. "But thank you Sonikku for that." She then snuggled Sonic back.

Sonic chuckled a bit. "No prob, Amy." he said. He then nuzzled and kissed Amy, before they went back to bed.


The Next Day, Sonic and Amy were in Tails's giant lab. Tails had requested them to come over to show them his latest experiment.

"So, what's your newest creation Tails?" Amy asked the 15 year old fox.

"Well, I have created a new type of gas." Tails explained. "It's fresher and more healthier than our own." He removed the cover and showed the two a large air tank, with what seemed like nothing was inside it. "You may not see it, but it's in there."

"Hmmmm...interesting." Sonic responded.

"Yeah, but there's a problem with it though." Tails continued.

"And that is?" Sonic asked.

"If anyone inhales this gas too much, it'll inflate them." Tails responded. "If enough, then he/she would turn into a giant balloon."

"A...giant balloon?" Amy gasped.

"Really???" Sonic gasped as well. "Huh..." He thought about that, then looked at Amy. *Sounds like something Amy would like...*

"Oh my." Amy gasped, acting scared to hide her fetish from Tails. *Finally, my chance to become a balloon.*

"Yep." Tails replied. "But I figured people wouldn't want to breath it if it makes them a giant balloon, so I put it in this special air tank to make sure no one breathes it."

"Oh...I see." Amy said. "Have you showed Cream and the others this?"

Tails blushed upon hearing his crush's name. "N-N-Not yet." he responded, nervously.

The two hedgehogs giggled when Tails blushed and responded.

"So, if anyone does inhale this gas and become a balloon, how long will it last?" Amy asked.

"Forever." Tails replied. "And you'll grow a bit bigger upon aging. But not enough to sink the head, hands, and feet."

"Wow...that's SOME gas." Sonic responded, admiring the gas's power.

"But what about...reproduction?" Amy said, blushing when asking that.

"It'll still work if someone wanted to have children." Tails explained. "And the child would become one as well, but depends on the gender of the victim."

"Really?!" Amy replied, looking at Sonic, who blushed when hearing that.

Tails looked at Amy, suspiciously. "Why ask that?" he asked.

"Oh..." Amy looked at him and giggled nervously. "No reason, just wanted to know."

"Okay..." Tails said, still suspicious at Amy. He then checked his watch to see what time it was. "Oh, look at the time, I've got to get dinner started before I leave!" He turned Sonic and Amy and pushed them to the exit. "Bye guys." He then closed the lab door.

Sonic looked at Amy. *Hmmm...maybe later tonight I can sneak in and prepare a little surprise for Amy.* he thought, smiling a bit

Amy smiled and thought about the dream she had. *Hmmm...maybe later tonight I can sneak in and use it.* she thought, smiling a bit.


That night, Tails was out at Cream and Vanilla's house for the night. Amy founded that the perfect opportunity to use the gas. She carefully went into his lab and went towards the tank.

"I hope this works." Amy said to herself, figuring out a way to pump the gas in her. Suddenly she hears footsteps and prepares to attack the intruder. "HIAYYY-"

"WHOA!!!" Sonic yelled as he flips back to dodge. "Amy! It's me! Sonic!"

"Sonic! What are you doing here?!" Amy asked. She then saw that he had a hose with him. "And, why do you have a long hose and nozzle with you?"

Sonic smiled. "Guess." he responded.

Amy looked at him, then at the tank, than at the hose he had. "You...want to turn me into a balloon?" she gasps.

Sonic grinned as he walked towards Amy. "Yup; with Tails' air." he said.

Amy was shocked about Sonic inflating her into a balloon. "I don't believe it...!"

Sonic suddenly zipped over and plugged the hose into the tank, then zipped to Amy to plug the nozzle in her mouth. But before he could plug it in, Amy grabbed and hugged him, repeatedly kissing him on his cheek.

"Oh thank you Sonic!" Amy replied in between kisses.

Sonic smiled and purred softly at the kisses he received. "You're welcome Amy." He then went to place the nozzle in Amy's mouth, but his hand was grabbed.

Amy looked around and saw two chain clatches on the wall. "Wait Sonic!"

"Hmm??" Sonic looked confused at her, and then turned towards the chain clatches.

Amy smiled and turned to Sonic. "Would you be so kind as to clatch me on those?" she asked. "Please?"

"Well...ok..." Sonic responded, wondering why Amy wants to be chained up. They both went to the clatches and he chained her first hand to the wall.

Before Sonic clatched her other hand, Amy managed to grab his hand and placed it on her bottom underneath her dress, blushing as she felt it. "Just this one time before I inflate." she said, kisses his ckeek.

Sonic blushed as he gently rubbed Amy's butt and kissed her back. He then moved her hand and latched on the chain, smiling.

"I feel like I'm being kidnapped and chained up by Eggman." Amy giggled. "Only this time it's by you, Sonic, and I'm loving it."

Sonic chuckled at that. "Glad I could help." he said as he picked up the hose and held it near Amy's mouth. "You ready?"

Amy nodded yes, smiling cutely.

Sonic smiled and plugged the nozzle into Amy's mouth, before going over to turn on the tank.

*Oh, how I've waited for this moment. The only difference is that Sonic's helping.* Amy thought.

Sonic turned the valve of the tank on and on full blast and watched Amy.

Amy waited for a moment, then, she felt the gas going into her and waited for something to happen. Suddenly, she felt the gas building up inside her and saw her belly inflating and getting bigger. She whimpered and giggled happily as she felt her sides, back, and bottom join and catch up to her belly.

Sonic watched eagerly as his girlfriend inflated bigger and bigger. "Mmmm...this is fun to watch. No wonder Amy like it so much." he said.

Amy looked down a bit and saw her dress rising up, revealing her white frilly cotton panties. She looked back at Sonic and saw him looking at them. She then felt her arms and legs puffing up as well, leaving her head, hands, feet, tail, and her stretching clothes alone and covered.

Sonic blushed a bit, nose bleeding as he stared at Amy's panties. "W-Wow!" he replied, covering his nosebleed.

Amy giggled happily at the sight. She then noticed that her dress and panties were practically forming around her body, not even revealing any of her fur.

*That's it, Amy...grow nice and big for Sonikku.* Sonic thought.

*Oh I feel so full and puffy.* Amy thought. She then looked at her belly and giggled. *That's right...grow nice and big for Sonikku.* She then felt her arms and legs absorb completely into her new body and felt her groin raising her feet from the ground. Soon, her head, paws, and feet were pulled in slightly, pulling her paws up and unable to flap them, as she saw Sonic turning the valve off and felt the air had stopped filling inside her as it spurred to a stop.

"So...how do you feel, Amy?" Sonic asked as he approached Amy, grinning.

Amy spitted the hose out of her mouth and smiled, her eyes closed as she takes in her new body.

"Amy?" Sonic asked, releasing her from the chains.

Amy opened her eyes to see him, smiling and finding out that she became only a few inches shorter than him. She then closed her eyes, and kissed Sonic deeply, but lovingly.

Sonic was taken back by the kiss, but he soon melted and kissed Amy back just as deeply and lovingly as he held her ball body, gently hugging and cradling her.

Amy slowly broke the kiss and looked at Sonic. "Thank you so much Sonikku." she told him.

"You're welcome Amy." Sonic said, smiling and nuzzling her.

Amy smiled lovingly. "Oh Sonikku?" she asked lovingly.

Sonic looked up at her face. "Yes, Amy?" he asked, smiling.

Amy giggled a bit. "Would you be so kind as to 'kidnap' this balloon and take her back to her house?" she asked. "Please?"

Sonic grinned. "It'd be my pleasure." he said. He then tipped Amy and rolled her out of the lab and towards her house.

Amy giggled as she was rolled like a ball by Sonic. "Whee!" she exclaimed. "This is fun!" But then, they both came to a hill that went downwards. Amy stared at the hill with awe. "Oh my goodness."

Sonic had to think how to roll Am down the hill. "Hmmm..."

"Though it might be fun rolling down the hill, I'm afraid I might run into something and get hurt." Amy said, a bit scared as she turned to Sonic. "S-Sonic?"

Sonic already knew the answer to her question. "I'll carry you the rest of the way Amy." he told Amy, comforting her.

"Okay." Amy said. Suddenly, Sonic grabs her and amazingly lifts her in the air without any effort. "Oh my!"

"Here we go!" Sonic responded, running down the hill himself, carrying Amy high above him.

Amy giggled as she is carried. "I didn't know I was this light!"

"Guess that air's almost like helium inside ya." Sonic said, as Amy's home is in sight.

"It's like I'm being swept off my feet, or in this case, my groin!" Amy giggled.

Sonic then stopped outside Amy's front door. "Well, here we are." he told Amy as he places her gently on her groin and opens the door. "After you, milady." he greeted politely.

Amy giggled as she, amazingly, waddled in her house. "Wow! I'm so light, I can waddle without my feet." she said.

"With how light you are, you could probably bounce." Sonic said, smiling.

Amy thought about what she said about her bouncing before a smile grew from her face. "Oh Sonic?" she asked.

"Yeah?" Sonic questioned.

"Would you like to see if I can bounce?" Amy asked.

Sonic smirked upon hearing her question. "Sure."

Amy giggled a bit. "Then you might want to lift me to do so."

Sonic chuckled as he grabbed and lifted Amy up "You ready?" he asked.

"Ready to be bounced Sonikku." Amy said, giggling and kissing his nose.

Sonic purred a bit from the kiss. "Here we go." He threw Amy down and began bouncing her.

"This is fun!" Amy giggled as she continued bouncing like a bouncy rubber ball, giggling happily. She then got herself caught by Sonic from her pantied bottom.

"Having fun, Ames?" Sonic asked, smirking.

"Are you staring at my bottom?" Amy questioned, smiling.

Sonic had a coy look as he stared Amy's round, pantied bottom. "Maybe." he said.

"You are, aren't you?" Amy asked, giggling and blushing.

"Yup. I know you're loving it." Sonic responded.

Amy smiled and wiggled herself a bit till she pushed her bottom in Sonic's face, waving it across his face.

Sonic felt Amy's panty-clad rum rubbing his face. "Mmmmmph...." he purred.

"Do you think Tails will be mad that we used the gas to turn me into a balloon?" Amy asked.

Sonic pulled his face out and settled Amy down on her groin. "Eh...I'll talk to him about it tomorrow." he said.

"I don't know." Amy wondered. "What if he tries to create something to turn me back to normal? I'm loving this a lot. Not as much as you, but a lot."

"I'm sure he'll understand when I tell him." Sonic said.

"I hope so." Amy replied.

"Don't worry. Just enjoy being a balloon, alright?" Sonic asked, smiling.

"I will Sonic... " Amy told him. She then blushed at him, smiling. "...as long as I have you to take care of me."

Sonic smiled and hugged Amy. "You got it."

"I don't know if you want to but..." Amy started to look a bit unsure*

"What's wrong?" Sonic asked her.

"Well, I was wondering...if you would take care of me by..." Amy blushed a bit when trying to say what she was saying.

"Hm?" Sonic questioned.

Amy blushed a bit before finally saying what she was trying to say. "L-Living with me?"

Sonic blushed but smiled. "I'd love to, Amy." he told her.

"R-Really?!" Amy replied.

Sonic nodded, still smiling. "Uhuh."

Amy smiled and bounced herself in Sonic's grasp, snuggling and kissing him repeatedly, tearing a bit.

"Mmmmm..." Sonic purred, snuggling and kissing back.

"Oh thank you, thank you, THANK YOU!" Amy squealed, kissing Sonic even more.

Sonic laughed from the kisses he was receiving. "Amy, that tickles!"

Amy giggled a bit. "Sorry Sonic." she said. "I'm just so happy. Having my blue hero living with me."

Sonic gently cuddled Amy. "Heh heh...your dream come true, huh?" he asked.

Amy purred lovingly at his cuddle.

Sonic smiled and cuddled Amy even more. "You like that?"

Amy smiled and blushed. "Mmm... Oh I love it very much." she replied.

Sonic nuzzled Amy affectionately.

Suddenly, a grumble happened.

"Oh!" Amy gasped hearing the grumble coming from her belly.

"Huh?" Sonic ears perked up upon hearing the grumble. "You hungry, Amy?" he asked.

Amy giggled a bit. "I guess so."

Sonic smiled and tipped Amy gently onto her back, rolling her into the kitchen.

"Mmmm..." Amy smiled. "I could get used to this. Getting rolled around."

Sonic stopped rolling Amy and placed her onto a balloon holder he had prepared for her in the kitchen. "So, what would my pretty balloon like to eat?" he asked.

"Hmmm...about something you equally like as much as me?" Amy asked, winking.

Sonic grinned a bit. "How does chili dogs sound?" he asked.

Amy smiled. "Oh yes, I would love some." she said, kissing Sonic on his cheek. "Especially those made by my favorite blue hedgehog."

Sonic blushes at Amy's complement, and opens up the fridge, taking out all he needs to make chili-dogs and starts to make them.

Amy smiled and waited patiently, though not for long due to Sonic's speed.

Sonic soon finished making a massive plate of chili dogs for Amy. "Dinner's ready." he called out, bringing the plate over to her.

"Wow! That's a lot of chili dogs!" Amy replied, opening her mouth wide happily.

Sonic started feeding the chili dogs to Amy. "All for my lovely balloon." he said as he continued feeding her.

Amy smiled as she enjoyed the flavor of the chili dogs. "Mmmm...soooooo goooood." she happily said as she continued getting fed by Sonic.

Sonic continued to feed Amy up to the last dog. "So...how was that?" he asked, grinning.

Amy smiled as she ate the last chili dog. "Delicious! You truly make the best chili dogs in the world." she said, licking the chili mustache from her face.

Sonic smiled from hearing the compliment. "Thank you, Amy." he said, patting her belly. "Full yet?"

Amy blushed and giggled. "Very. And a bit messy." she said, looking at her chili stained dress. "Looks like I need to take a bath. Wouldn't you say?"

Sonic nodded upon looking at her clothes. "It seems so." he responded.

"Would you like to help me?" Amy lovingly asked, fluttering her eyes.

Sonic blushed madly upon seeing her cute face. "S-Sure..."

Amy giggled at his reaction. "Nervous?"

Sonic nodded slowly.

"Sorry if I made you nervous. Forgive me?" Amy asked.

"Of course." Sonic said, smiling. He then lifted Amy from her holder and rolled Amy her into the bathroom.

Amy giggled as they enter the bathroom.

Sonic then gently removed Amy's red headband and dress, gloves, shoes, and socks.

Amy giggled as she is stripped. "Don't forget my bra and panties." she told Sonic.

Sonic smiled and removed Amy out of her bra and panties, then rolled her onto her groin.

Amy blushed and giggled as she poses her naked body to Sonic, her tail wagging. "You like Sonikku?" she asked.

Sonic nodded with a blush. "I love." he said.

Amy giggled at his answer. "Good." she said, kissing his cheek.

Sonic purred and kissed her back.

Amy smiled and waddled towards the tub and hopping in. "Would you care to join me in the tub Sonic?" she asked.

Sonic blushed and smiled before stripping off his gloves, socks and sneakers. "Sure." he said, climbing into the tub.

Amy giggled as Sonic climbed into the tub with her and turned on the water. She smiled as she felt the nice, hot water on her groin. "Oh, this feels so good on my skin."

Sonic smirked as the water flowed into the tub. "You make a cute bath toy?" he asked as he turned the water off.

Amy blushed at the comment, then suddenly she got tipped slowly onto her back by Sonic. "You might have a bit of difficulty cleaning me." Amy told him.

"I think I can manage." Sonic responded, standing up with a wash cloth and putting some of Amy's strawberry body wash onto it and scrubbing it till it was all pink and foamy as he began scrubbing her gently.

Amy giggled as she felt Sonic washing her belly using her strawberry body wash in the wash cloth. "That tickles!" she replied, wiggling her feet and hands.

Sonic continued scrubbing gently all around Amy's balloony body.

Amy suddenly gets turned by her blue boyfriend onto her belly as Sonic washed her back and bottom. "Oh!" she gasped and blushed as Sonic washes her bottom, her tail wagging near his face.

"Does this feel good, Ames?" Sonic asked, still scrubbing Amy clean.

"Mmmm, very." Amy responded. She suddenly gets grabbed and turned to see Sonic, raising her a bit and with some of her strawberry shampoo in his hand and making it foamy. She smiled and purred as Sonic washed her hair with her strawberry shampoo.

Sonic rubbed the shampoo gently through Amy's hair and quills till he rinsed it.

Amy smiled as Sonic cleaned her hair and pulling the plug on the tub, letting the water drain. "Thank you, Sonic." she replied, kissing his cheek.

Sonic purred from the kiss. "You're welcome." he said, getting a towel, and starting to dry Amy off.

Amy smiled as she gets dried off completely. She then yawned a bit. "Tired Sonic?" she asked.

Sonic then yawned himself. "Maybe a little bit." he responded.

"Wanna go to bed, cutie?" Amy asked, smiling

"Sure." Sonic replied. "I can put you into a nice, balloon suit for you to wear."

"Why I would love that." Amy responded.

Sonic smiled and rolled Amy out of the bathroom.

Amy giggled as she and Sonic entered the bedroom.

Sonic rolled Amy up to the bed and went to his closet, pulling a fuzzy and fluffy, one piece blue rubber suit that was frilled white at the head, paw, and feet areas and a bow to go with it. "Granted, it's a little silly." he said.

Amy giggled as she saw the suit. "It looks so cute." she said.

Sonic smiled as he went to Amy and placed the suit onto her, attaching the two ends with the suit's white bow. He then placed the socks at her feet and placed the blue bow on her head.

Amy smiled and posed her new outfit for Sonic. "How do I look?" she asked.

Sonic smiled and grabbed Amy, lifting her up. "Beautiful." he told her.

Amy giggled as she is held high in the air. She then got pulled in and hugged tightly by Sonic as he covers himself and her up.

Sonic kissed Amy's lips and held her close to him. "Nighty night, my pink balloon." he replied.

Amy blushed and snuggled against Sonic "Nighty night my blue hero." she said giving a quick kiss on his lips.

Sonic smiled and turned out the light, snuggling up to Amy and nodding off.

Amy purred and nodded off smiling as she is hugged.


The next day, Sonic came over and helped Tails pack up his old stuff.

"Thanks for helping me pack Sonic." Tails said. "I really appreciate it."

"No problem, Tails." Sonic responded.

"Yeah..." Tails looks over at the tank that had the gas in it.

"What's wrong, Tails?" Sonic asked.

"It's the gas I created." Tails answered

Sonic's eyes widen and got nervous, wondering if Tails already caught on to the plan from last night. "What...What's wrong with it?" he asked.

"Apparently, after one day, the gas turns into ordinary air, no side effects at all." Tails explained. "Just regular old air."

"Regular old air?" Sonic questioned. "Odd... "

"I found out why though. It was contained in an inorganic area; the tank." Tails continued. "Because it lacked anything organic, it turned into ordinary air."

"And...what would happen if it was contained in something organic?" Sonic asked.

"Nothing would happen. It would be in an organic environment. It'll be the same as it was when I created it." Tails finished.

"Ah, I see..." Sonic replied.

"Yeah...I know. It'll be fine when it's in something organic...or someone who used it." Tails said as his eyes, flashed red then back again and tinkering with some equipment.

Sonic looked a bit nervous when he heard that. "Funny you should mention that..."

"...Like...Amy Rose." Tails said, turning to Sonic and looking a bit angry and different.

"AH!" Sonic gasped, jumping up in shock. "H-How did you figure that out!?"

"I saw it on a video camera I had installed." Tails explained to him. "Of course, it was a bit on the fritz for a bit. But what I saw was you chaining up Amy, then blowing her up into a balloon, then rolling and kidnapping her!"

*Uh oh!...caught red handed...* Sonic thought.

"I can't believe you've used my gas to kidnap her...against her will." Tails told him as he fired a beam that paralyzed Sonic.

"WHAT THE!" Sonic yelled as he was paralyzed.

"That beam may last five minutes, but that should be enough time to use this device and deflate her." Tails told him as he showed him a strange device. "And before you ask. Yes, I did say that the gas would remain in a person forever, unless you have a deflation device." He then bended down to Sonic. "After I return Amy to normal.. I'm sorry, but I have to arrest you for kidnapping her." he told him. He then flew outta his lab as fast as his 8 year old fox body could go.

Sonic tried to move, but he couldn't. "ARGH! Tails!!" he yelled. "She WANTED me to do this to her!!"

Tails however didn't hear him as a devious smile came to his face.

Sonic struggled to get free. "Ghhhhh...got...to...get out of here!!!"


Tails arrived at Sonic's house and searched for Amy. "Nothing. I'm sure that she would've been held here." He then found a picture of him, Sonic, Knuckles, and Amy in the old days, but he putted a devious smile across his face. "Aww, they looked so cute back then, too bad it'll be all over for Sonic and Amy, then Tails when I take over him completely." Tails said, sounding very familiar as he putted the picture back and left the house. He flew towards Amy's house to look for her there, still having a devious smile across his face.


Amy waited for Sonic to get back, but she suddenly saw the door open and found Sonic there, sweating and outta breath. "Sonic? What are you doing back so soon?"

Sonic continues to pant. "Finally got out of that paralysis." He then looks to Amy. "Agh...Tails found out about everything, but not only does he want to deflate you, but he also wants to have me arrested and thrown in jail!" he told her. "Some friend he is..." he grumbled.

"He found out about everything?" Amy replied. "Even knowing that I wanted to be a balloon and have you take me?"

"He doesn't know about THAT part...because he paralyzed me on the spot before I could tell him." Sonic finished.

"Oh my..." Amy gasped.

Suddenly, the door knob shook a bit.

"Oh my..." Amy whimpered, wiggling her fingers in fright. "That must be Tails. Quick Sonic, hide me."

Sonic nodded and began carrying Amy into the bathroom." Just stay there and don't make a sound!" he told her, closing the door and locking it.

"W-Wait Sonic!" Amy called out.

Sonic heard Amy calling out to him and unlocked the door. "What is it?" he asked.

"Please be careful Sonikku." Amy told him as she started tearing a bit. "I don't know...*sniff*...what I would do without you."

"Amy..." Sonic said, kissing Amy's tears away gently. "Don't worry...I'll be alright."

"I hope." Amy said, sniffing again, but smiling also.

They then heard Tails slamming the door open.

*Oh great...here he comes...* Sonic thought in anger.

"AMY! ARE YOU IN HERE!" Tails called out.

"Oh no!" Amy cried, wiggling her fingers. "Quick, lock the door!"

Sonic nodded and locked the door, keeping Amy trapped inside safely.

Tails searches the house looking for Amy. "Where are you..." he said. Suddenly, he saw a kick coming at him, but he managed to dodge it. "So you're here Sonic."

"Tails, BACK OFF!" Sonic told him. "You don't even know the full story! First of all...I only chained Amy up, inflated her, AND kidnapped her because she ASKED me too!"

"First kidnapping her...then lying to your own best friend..." Tails responded in anger. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but you're worse than Eggman!...Minus killing her."

Sonic was stung by Tails's words. "Tails...don't you EVER compare me to Eggman!!!" he told him in anger. "And I'm not lying to you!"

"Well, I maybe be comparing you to Eggman, but I know you wouldn't kill her." Tails said. "You're against that."

"Tails...stop talking, right now, for once, and LISTEN TO ME!" Sonic yelled. "I only did all of this because Amy ASKED me too! You can ask her yourself!"

"You're right, I will..." he said, zapping Sonic with a paralyzer ray. "After I free her."

"Not again!" Sonic said as he was paralyzed. "You're the worst friend ever!!"

Tails came over to Sonic, and looked at him with tears in his eyes.

Sonic gave Tails an angry look. "Don't give me those tears, Miles...  Don't you DARE play the victim!" he told him

"I'm sorry Sonic..." Tails apologized. But he then felt a sharp pain on the back of his head, dropping a tape next to him.

Huh?!" Sonic questioned.

Tails got back up with his eyes glowing red and looks devious, not noticing the tape. "But I must do what I must do." He then turned his ray from paralyalization to kill and walked away.

"AGH!" Sonic yelled as he felt the paralysis ray starting to hurt him, making him drop to his knees. "Tails...why..." he said to himself.

Suddenly, a note opened from the tape.

"Wh-What's this?" Sonic questioned.

'Watch this Sonic! Tails...' the note read.

Suddenly, a small laser emerged from the tape and fired a ray at Sonic.

"AGH!!!" Sonic yelled as the ray hitted him, but then sighted in relief as the ray freed him from his paralysis. "I'm...free!?" he said, getting up and looking at the tape. He picked the tape up and putted it into the VCR.

Tails emerged onto the screen. "Experiment # 105: I've checked the gas tank and saw that its containment valve has gone down a bit." he explained. "Upon seeing the security tape, I saw that Sonic the Hedgehog, one of my best friends, has used the gas to inflate Amy...as a request from her."

So he does know..." Sonic said to himself. "Yet he's treating me like a criminal because of it..."

"I have invented this deflation device that'll deflate a victim that has used the gas..."

"Why would he want to do all this anyway!?" Sonic questioned. "Why did he try to kill me over something silly like this!?"

"But I will not use it."

"Wha...?" Sonic gasped in confusement

"Upon watching the tape, I have discovered that Amy is fine and happy with being a balloon, and have no regrets what so ever." Tails responded.

"Then...why did he attack me!?" Sonic asked himself.

"I have also discovered that... the..." Tails then felt a sharp pain on the back of his head. "AHHHHH!!!!"

"What the...!" Sonic gasped.

"WHA... WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME.. AGUH!!!" Tails yelled as he starts destorying everything.

"What the heck's going on here?!" Sonic questioned.

"THOUGHTS...FALSE IMAGES OF...HOW??!!!!...SCOURGE!!!" Tails yelled.

"Wait a minute...Scourge!?" Sonic responded.

"SCOURGE!!!...REVENGE!!!...FROM THE GRAVE!!!..." Tails yelled as something was controlling him.

"Scourge!?" Sonic gasped. "But...he's dead! How did he..."

"USING ME TO...KILL AMY ROSE!!! AHHHHH!!!!" Tails yelled. "COMPUTER!!!! DOWNLOAD THIS ONTO A TAPE!!!!!" he called to his computer. "SONIC!!!! IF YOU EVER GET THIS, YOU HAVE TO STOP ME BEFORE I DO SOMETHING THAT I'LL REGRET!!!!" he told him through the tape as he grabs his paralyzer gun. "AND TO MAKE SURE THAT SCOURGE CONTROLLING ME DOESN'T KNOW!" He then zaps him with the ray as the screen goes black.

"Oh god..." Sonic gasped as he hurried upstairs.


*I hope Tails doesn't do anything dangerous.* Amy thought. She then saw the door getting slammed. *Oh no!* she thought in fright.

"Open up Amy! I know you're in..." Tails then gets himself slamed by Sonic. "Wha? how did...?!"

"Huh?" Amy gasped as she waddled to the door, hearing everything through it.

"Don't you dare try it...Scourge!" Sonic yelled.

"S-Scourge?" Amy gasped softly in fear and confusion.

"So...you've founded it out, haven't you blue hedgehog!" Scourge said via Tails.

"Yes, I have, green hedgehog." Sonic told Scourge in mocked tone.

Scourge pushed Sonic out of the way and points his gun. "Guess you're not so dumb after all." he said.

"No...I guess not! SONIC WIND!" Sonic yelled as he did a quick spin, creating a mini tornado that shot up underneath Scourge in Tails's body.

"Hold it blue hedgehog!" Scourge called out. "Kill me, and you lose your best friend!"

*Crud...he's got a point...* Sonic thought as he stopped his Blue Tornado.

"Good thing too!" Scourge replied. "You wanna know why I'm controlling Tails from the grave? Well, do ya?"

"To get revenge on me, right?" Sonic answered.

"That's one point for you, but there's more..." Scourge told him.

"And that is?" Sonic asked.

"To use your buddy's IQ and skills to get rid of your friends and your ballooned girlfriend." Scourge answered

"It figures..." Sonic said. "Using others to do your dirty work."

"Even from beyond the grave." Scourge responded. "And how did I accomplish such a feat?"

"How?" Sonic questioned.

"Before I was killed, and you were about to escape, I placed a chip that I used to download my brain and launched it to your pal's head, without him knowing." Scourge explained. "Then, when the time was right, I took over and saw everything he did and saw his memories. But...I didn't get a lot of it when Tails paralyzed himself before I could figure out anything else."

*There has to be away to drive him out of Tails' body.* Sonic thought.

"Now it's time... to... ERAGGG!!!" Scourge then felt a sharp pain on his controlled body's head. "NOT... NOW!!!!!"

"What's going on now!?" Sonic asked in a shocked tone.

"S-S-SONIC!!! I KNOW A WAY!!!!" Came the voice of Tails as he threw a device to Sonic. "USE IT TO FRY THE BRAIN CHIP ON ME!!!!"

Scourge then managed to gain back control over Tails. "Sorry about that, now where was..."

Suddenly, Amy slammed the door open.

"WHAT THE...?!" Scourge cried out.

Sonic pointed the device at Tails.

"DON'T YOU DARE!" Amy yelled in fury as she slammed her body against Scourge and knocked him out cold. "Now Sonic!"

Sonic rushed over to Scourge, turning him over, and turning the device to the back of Tails' head, right where the chip is. He then turned on the device and fried the chip, removing Scourge from his buddy's body, and the world forever.


Moments later, Tails starts to wake up. "Uhh...wha...what happened?" he asked. "Where am I?"

"Tails...that IS you, this time, isn't it?" Sonic asked.

"Sonic?...Of course, why wouldn't..." Tails then turned his head to look at a balloon Amy. "AMY, YOU'RE A..." He gasped, but then he thought about what happened and what he saw. "Oh yeah, I remember now."

"Remember what?" Amy asked.

"That I saw a security tape showing Sonic turning you into a balloon and you enjoying it." Tails answered.

"Glad you're okay with that." Amy responded.

*He certainly wasn't ok with it the first time...* Sonic thought. *But that was because of Scourge, so I can forgive Tails.*

"Yeah...and I remember..." Tails then frowned, remembering what he almost did to Sonic and Amy. "Ohh..."

Sonic smiled and hugged Tails.

Amy smiled as well and snuggled Tails.

Tails smiled as his two hedgehog friends forgave him. "Thanks guys." he replied.

"You're welcome Tails." Amy said.

"Anytime, Tails." Sonic responded, breaking his hug.

"Hey Amy, think you'll be alright being a balloon?" Tails asked.

"Oh I will be Tails." Amy said.

"Good thing you like being like that. I bet the others would be okay with you as a balloon... not sure about everyone at Central City." Tails replied.

"What do you mean Tails?" Amy questioned.

"Well, everyone we know will be alright with it, but the townsfolk would probably be scared by it, and maybe they would have you taken by scientists who would want to...*gulped* experiment on you." Tails told her.

"If they even THINK of trying to experiment on Amy...they'll have to go through me." Sonic told him.

"Yeah." Tails said. "But it'd be better if..."

"If what?" Sonic asked.

"If you guys move away from the city." Tails answered.

"Really?" Amy questioned.

Tails nodded yes.

"Hmmmm...What do you think, Amy?" Sonic asked his balloon girl.

"I guess." Amy answered. "I really don't want to get experimented on." She then thought about what would happen if she was and ended up scared. "It's too frightening."

Sonic hugged Amy gently, yet protectively. "Don't worry, I'll protect you."

Amy managed to smile a bit as she was held in Sonic grasp, felling protected and loved. "Thank you." she said, kissing his cheek.

"And I know the perfect place for you two to live in." Tails told the two love hedgehogs.


An hour later, Tails landed his Typhoon X on an uninhabited island with Sonic and Amy on board. "We're here guys!" Tails called out.

Sonic rolled Amy out of the carrier to look around.

Amy gasped as she saw the island. "Wow...it's so beautiful."

"This place looks amazing." Sonic replied.

"Yep. Me and the others found this island a long time ago after Eggman was destroyed." Tails explained. "No one else knows of it, except us and our friends."

"So, is there a good place for me and Sonic to live in?" Amy asked.

"Yep." Tails said as he pointed to the island's mountains. "See that mountain formation over there?"

"Yeah?" Sonic asked, looking at the mountains. "What about those mountains?"

"I've setted up a lab area there long ago. But after Eggman as defeated for good, I cleaned all of the equipment." Tails explained.

"So...what does it have to do with us?" Amy questioned.

"When I found out that you had become a balloon, and before the incident, I went over there and turned it into a nice big home for you two." Tails told her.

"On the mountains...where I might fall off?" Amy asked, scared at the fear of falling.

"No, in the center of the mountains, there's a nice field there, away from cliffs and pointy rocks." Tails reassured Amy. "I'll show you two." He then gets back into the Typhoon X and its cockpit.

"Don't worry, Ames. You won't fall off anywhere." Sonic told her as he rolled her back into the carrier.

"I hope." Amy said as the carrier's doors shut and it takes off towards the mountains.


Moments later, the carrier lands in the mountains, on a landing pad that was next to a large tunnel.

"We're here guys." Tails told Sonic and Amy.

"Umm...Sonic?" Amy asked.

"Yes, Amy?" Sonic responded.

"Will you carry me instead of rolling me? Please?" Amy questioned.

Sonic smiled and lifted Amy. "Of course." he told her.

Amy smiled as Sonic carried her. "Thank you." she said, kissing her blue hero's nose. "I just love being in your grasp."

"And I just love carrying you." Sonic told her, kissing Amy's nose.

Amy blushed and wigged her fluffy and fuzzy suit covered body to get comfortable as she got carried out of the carrier.

Tails and the two hedgehogs then saw the tunnel. "It's just through this tunnel." he told them as he entered the tunnel.

Sonic followed Tails close behind while carrying Amy.


A few minutes of walking through the tunnel and they came to a beautiful meadow filled with bright red roses (without thorns), and a large house that was attached to a mountain side that had a waterfall next to it.

"Oh my..." Amy gasped as she stared at the place.

"You guys like it?" Tails asked.

"This place is beautiful." Amy answered in awe.

"It's amazing...thanks for finding this spot, Tails." Sonic told him.

"No problem guys." Tails responded. "Come, let me show you guys you're new home." He then flew towards the mountain attached house while Sonic runs fast, carrying Amy.

After running/flying to the house, Tails opens the door and enters, Sonic and Amy behind him.

"Wow...nice place." Sonic said as he stepped inside with Amy, looking around the house.

"It's so big and..." Amy replied. She then got settled down by Sonic. "Cozy." she added, giggling.

"Yep. And all for you two to live in." Tails told them.

"Sounds kinda romantic." Sonic chuckled.

Amy giggled and blushed, and then kissed Sonic's cheek.

Sonic smiled happily from the kiss.

"Hehehe. Save that for tonight you two, and let me show you around." Tails laughed.


Around two hours later, Tails has shown Sonic and Amy the living room, kitchen, bathroom, and their bedroom.

"Nice... VERY nice." Sonic said.

"Glad you guys enjoy it." Tails replied as he starts to leave for the night. "You two play nice now." he said, winking at them.

Sonic blushed from hearing that.

Amy blushed and smiled as well. "Bye Tails." she said.

"Bye guys." Tails said as he closed the door and left Sonic and Amy alone.

Amy yawned, apparently feeling tired.

"Tired, Amy?" Sonic asked, rubbing her side gently.

"Yes." Amy said. "I had a long day and all I wanna do is sleep with my handsome and sweet blue hedgehog."

Sonic smiled as he lifted Amy. "Then let's head to bed, shall we?" he said.

Amy giggled as she got lifted.

Sonic carried Amy into the bedroom and settled her in the bed.

Amy waved her hand to Sonic, begging him to come in.

Sonic smiled and came into bed with Amy.

Amy rolled herself onto Sonic's body and snuggled him, blushing and purring.

Sonic hugged Amy's inflated form, rubbing his hands all over her round, fluffy and fuzzy covered body.

"Sonic...thank you for saving mine, and Tails's life." Amy told him, starting to tear a bit, but smiling.

"No problem, Ames..." Sonic said, nuzzling her gently and wiping the tears away.

Amy closed her eyes and puckered up slowly.

Sonic also closed his eyes, puckering up as he drew near Amy's face until he planted his lips on hers.

Soon, Amy broke the kiss and stared at Sonic. "I love you so much Sonikku...my heroic hedgehog." she told him, kissing him again.

"I love you so much too Amy...my balloony rose." Sonic told her, kissing her back and nodding off, cradling a sleeping Amy gently, yet lovingly.

That night, Sonic and Amy slept peacefully, happy and in love...forever.

END